{"id":8557,"title":"Frontier","overview":"Set against the stunning, raw backdrop of 1700s Canada, Frontier is revolving around warring factions vying for control of the fur trade.","status":"Ended","language":"English","runtime":47,"posterUrl":"https://static.tvmaze.com/uploads/images/original_untouched/173/434300.jpg","genres":["Drama","Action","Adventure"],"firstAired":"2016-11-06","seasonCount":3,"totalEpisodes":18}
{"id":9999,"title":"Test Show with Very Long Synopsis","overview":"This is a very long paragraph describing the intricate plot details of the show in complete depth. It spans across multiple sentences to test if the synopsis box expands vertically beyond the poster height without cutting off any text or truncating the overview. It spans across multiple sentences to test if the synopsis box expands vertically beyond the poster height without cutting off any text or truncating the overview. It spans across multiple sentences to test if the synopsis box expands vertically beyond the poster height without cutting off any text or truncating the overview. \n\nThis is a very long paragraph describing the intricate plot details of the show in complete depth. It spans across multiple sentences to test if the synopsis box expands vertically beyond the poster height without cutting off any text or truncating the overview. It spans across multiple sentences to test if the synopsis box expands vertically beyond the poster height without cutting off any text or truncating the overview. It spans across multiple sentences to test if the synopsis box expands vertically beyond the poster height without cutting off any text or truncating the overview. \n\nThis is a very long paragraph describing the intricate plot details of the show in complete depth. It spans across multiple sentences to test if the synopsis box expands vertically beyond the poster height without cutting off any text or truncating the overview. It spans across multiple sentences to test if the synopsis box expands vertically beyond the poster height without cutting off any text or truncating the overview. It spans across multiple sentences to test if the synopsis box expands vertically beyond the poster height without cutting off any text or truncating the overview. \n\nThis is a very long paragraph describing the intricate plot details of the show in complete depth. It spans across multiple sentences to test if the synopsis box expands vertically beyond the poster height without cutting off any text or truncating the overview. It spans across multiple sentences to test if the synopsis box expands vertically beyond the poster height without cutting off any text or truncating the overview. It spans across multiple sentences to test if the synopsis box expands vertically beyond the poster height without cutting off any text or truncating the overview. \n\nThis is a very long paragraph describing the intricate plot details of the show in complete depth. It spans across multiple sentences to test if the synopsis box expands vertically beyond the poster height without cutting off any text or truncating the overview. It spans across multiple sentences to test if the synopsis box expands vertically beyond the poster height without cutting off any text or truncating the overview. It spans across multiple sentences to test if the synopsis box expands vertically beyond the poster height without cutting off any text or truncating the overview. \n\nThis is a very long paragraph describing the intricate plot details of the show in complete depth. It spans across multiple sentences to test if the synopsis box expands vertically beyond the poster height without cutting off any text or truncating the overview. It spans across multiple sentences to test if the synopsis box expands vertically beyond the poster height without cutting off any text or truncating the overview. It spans across multiple sentences to test if the synopsis box expands vertically beyond the poster height without cutting off any text or truncating the overview. ","status":"Ended","language":"English","runtime":60,"posterUrl":"https://static.tvmaze.com/uploads/images/original_untouched/12/30000.jpg","genres":["Drama","Sci-Fi","Mystery"],"firstAired":"1990-01-01","seasonCount":10,"totalEpisodes":200}
